[KHR] Add sycl_khr_max_num_work_groups extension (#712)
KhronosGroup/SYCL-Docs: adoc/extensions/sycl_khr_max_work_group_query.adoc

[[sec:khr-max-work-group-query]]

> = sycl_khr_max_work_group_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= sycl_khr_max_work_group_query
```

I assume this was just a typo?

This extension allows developers to query iteration bounds in each dimension for a ND-range kernel.
The application must ensure that the number of work-groups in each dimension [code]#N# of an ND-range kernel is less than or equal to [code]#max_work_group_id<N>#.

[[sec:khr-max-work-group-query-dependencies]]
== Dependencies

This extension does not depend on other extensions.

[[sec:khr-max-work-group-query-feature-test]]
== Feature test macro
An implementation supporting this extension must predefine the [code]#SYCL_KHR_MAX_WORK_GROUP_QUERY# macro to one of the values defined in the table below.

[%header,cols="1,5"]
|===
|Value
|Description

|1
|Initial version of this extension.
|===

== New device descriptors

.[apidef]#khr::info::device::max_work_group_id#
[source,role=synopsis,id=api:khr-info-device-max-work-group-query]
----
namespace sycl::khr::info::device {
template<int Dimensions = 3>
struct max_work_group_id {
    using return_type = range<Dimensions>;
};
} // namespace sycl::khr::info::device
----

_Remarks:_ Template parameter to [api]#device::get_info#.

_Constraints:_ Available only when [code]#Dimensions# is 1, 2 or 3.

> _Returns:_ The maximum number of work-groups that can be submitted in each dimension of an [code]#nd_range<Dimensions># kernel. The minimum value is 1 in each dimension if the device is not [code]#info::device_type::custom#.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Returns:_ The maximum number of work-groups that can be submitted in each dimension of an [code]#nd_range<Dimensions># kernel. The minimum value is 1 in each dimension if the device is not [api]#info::device_type::custom#.
```

Kind of an editorial nit, but this will make it a link to the definition.

'''

.[apidef]#khr::info::device::max_work_group_linear_id#
[source,role=synopsis,id=api:khr-info-device-max-total-work-groups]
----
namespace sycl::khr::info::device {
struct max_work_group_linear_id {
    using return_type = size_t;
};
} // namespace sycl::khr::info::device
----

_Remarks:_ Template parameter to [api]#device::get_info#.

> _Returns:_ The total maximum number of work-groups that can be submitted to an ND-range kernel. The minimum value is 1 if the device is not [code]#info::device_type::custom#.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Returns:_ The total maximum number of work-groups that can be submitted to an ND-range kernel. The minimum value is 1 if the device is not [api]#info::device_type::custom#.
```

Here too

[[sec:khr-max-work-group-query]]
= sycl_khr_max_work_group_query

This extension allows developers to query iteration bounds in each dimension and
in total for an ND-range kernel.

> The application must ensure that the number of work-groups in each dimension
> [code]#N# of an ND-range kernel is less than or equal to
> [code]#max_work_group_range<N>#.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application must ensure that the number of work-groups of an ND-range kernel is within the range of values returned by these queries.
```

I think we should make this sentence a bit more generic.  Maybe something like this?  (Note you will need to insert a line break at 80 columns.)
